README.md, before:

- Our website has a user login registration process. And there are some private routes that users cannot see if they do not register

- A user can easily buy electronic devices of the brand from our website. We have 7 brands of electronic devices here.

- By clicking on each brand, the user can see the data related to this brand. And there is an option to update the product from the product page. Clicking on the update button will redirect you to the update form. Product can be updated from teach

- Details button is on each product card to view each product from the product page. If you click on the details button, you will see all the details of the product.

- Products can be added to the card from the details page. To add a card, a user must visit the product details page

- Ordered products can be found on the card page. If the user adds any number of products to the card, all of them will be shown on the card page and if desired, the user can remove the product from the card.

- And if you click on each brand, you will see a separate product for each brand on the product page, along with 3 different ads.

Commit message:

readme file in added website live link

README.md, after:

# Adj

## [ Live link](https://brand-shop-610c8.web.app)

Click here for the website live link: [https://evm-assignment-nine.surge.sh](https://brand-shop-610c8.web.app)

- Our website has a user login registration process. And there are some private routes that users cannot see if they do not register

- A user can easily buy electronic devices of the brand from our website. We have 7 brands of electronic devices here.

- By clicking on each brand, the user can see the data related to this brand. And there is an option to update the product from the product page. Clicking on the update button will redirect you to the update form. Product can be updated from teach

- Details button is on each product card to view each product from the product page. If you click on the details button, you will see all the details of the product.

- Products can be added to the card from the details page. To add a card, a user must visit the product details page

- Ordered products can be found on the card page. If the user adds any number of products to the card, all of them will be shown on the card page and if desired, the user can remove the product from the card.

- And if you click on each brand, you will see a separate product for each brand on the product page, along with 3 different ads.
